P a g e | 13
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling
Out in the corridor, Frank suddenly became aware
that the hand gripping his walking stick was slippery
with sweat. The man with the cold voice had killed a
www.ztcprep.com
woman. He was talking about it without any kind of
remorse — with amusement. He was dangerous — a
madman. And he was planning more murders — this
boy, Harry Potter, whoever he was — was in danger —
Frank knew what he must do. Now, if ever, was the
time to go to the police. He would creep out of the
house and head straight for the telephone box in the
village … but the cold voice was speaking again, and
Frank remained where he was, frozen to the spot,
listening with all his might.
“One more murder … my faithful servant at Hogwarts
… Harry Potter is as good as mine, Wormtail. It is
decided. There will be no more argument. But quiet …
I think I hear Nagini. …”
And the second man’s voice changed. He started
making noises such as Frank had never heard before;
he was hissing and spitting without drawing breath.
Frank thought he must be having some sort of fit or
seizure.
And then Frank heard movement behind him in the
www.ztcprep.com
dark passageway. He turned to look, and found
himself paralyzed with fright.
Something was slithering toward him along the dark
corridor floor, and as it drew nearer to the sliver of
firelight, he realized with a thrill of terror that it was a
gigantic snake, at least twelve feet long. Horrified,
transfixed, Frank stared as its undulating body cut a
wide, curving track through the thick dust on the
floor, coming closer and closer — What was he to do?
The only means of escape was into the room where
P a g e | 14
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling
two men sat plotting murder, yet if he stayed where he was the snake would
surely kill him —
But before he had made his decision, the snake was
level with him, and then, incredibly, miraculously, it
was passing; it was following the spitting, hissing
noises made by the cold voice beyond the door, and in
seconds, the tip of its diamond-patterned tail had
vanished through the gap.
There was sweat on Frank’s forehead now, and the
www.ztcprep.com
hand on the walking stick was trembling. Inside the
room, the cold voice was continuing to hiss, and
Frank was visited by a strange idea, an impossible
idea. … This man could talk to snakes.
Frank didn’t understand what was going on. He
wanted more than anything to be back in his bed with
his hot-water bottle. The problem was that his legs
didn’t seem to want to move. As he stood there
shaking and trying to master himself, the cold voice
switched abruptly to English again.
“Nagini has interesting news, Wormtail,” it said.
“In-indeed, My Lord?” said Wormtail.
“Indeed, yes,” said the voice. “According to Nagini,
there is an old Muggle standing right outside this
room, listening to every word we say.”
Frank didn’t have a chance to hide himself. There
were footsteps, and then the door of the room was
flung wide open.
A short, balding man with graying hair, a pointed
nose, and small, watery eyes stood before Frank, a
www.ztcprep.com
mixture of fear and alarm in his face.
P a g e | 15
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling
“Invite him inside, Wormtail. Where are your
manners?”
The cold voice was coming from the ancient armchair
before the fire, but Frank couldn’t see the speaker.
The snake, on the other hand, was curled up on the
rotting hearth rug, like some horrible travesty of a pet
dog.
Wormtail beckoned Frank into the room. Though still
deeply shaken, Frank took a firmer grip upon his
walking stick and limped over the threshold.
The fire was the only source of light in the room; it
cast long, spidery shadows upon the walls. Frank
stared at the back of the armchair; the man inside it
seemed to be even smaller than his servant, for Frank
couldn’t even see the back of his head.
“You heard everything, Muggle?” said the cold voice.
“What’s that you’re calling me?” said Frank defiantly,
www.ztcprep.com
for now that he was inside the room, now that the
time had come for some sort of action, he felt braver;
it had always been so in the war.
“I am calling you a Muggle,” said the voice coolly. “It
means that you are not a wizard.”
“I don’t know what you mean by wizard,” said Frank,
his voice growing steadier. “All I know is I’ve heard
enough to interest the police tonight, I have. You’ve
done murder and you’re planning more! And I’ll tell
you this too,” he added, on a sudden inspiration, “my
wife knows I’m up here, and if I don’t come back —”
“You have no wife,” said the cold voice, very quietly.
“Nobody knows you are here. You told nobody that
P a g e | 16
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling
you were coming. Do not lie to Lord Voldemort,
Muggle, for he knows … he always knows. …”
“Is that right?” said Frank roughly. “Lord, is it? Well, I
don’t think much of your manners, My Lord. Turn
’round and face me like a man, why don’t you?”
www.ztcprep.com
“But I am not a man, Muggle,” said the cold voice,
barely audible now over the crackling of the flames. “I
am much, much more than a man. However … why
not? I will face you. … Wormtail, come turn my chair
around.”
The servant gave a whimper.
“You heard me, Wormtail.”
Slowly, with his face screwed up, as though he would
rather have done anything than approach his master
and the hearth rug where the snake lay, the small
man walked forward and began to turn the chair. The
snake lifted its ugly triangular head and hissed
slightly as the legs of the chair snagged on its rug.
And then the chair was facing Frank, and he saw
what was sitting in it. His walking stick fell to the
floor with a clatter. He opened his mouth and let out
a scream. He was screaming so loudly that he never
heard the words the thing in the chair spoke as it
raised a wand. There was a flash of green light, a
rushing sound, and Frank Bryce crumpled. He was
www.ztcprep.com
dead before he hit the floor.
Two hundred miles away, the boy called Harry Potter
woke with a start.
P a g e | 17
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling
THE SCAR
Harry lay flat on his back, breathing hard as though
he had been running. He had awoken from a vivid
dream with his hands pressed over his face. The old
scar on his forehead, which was shaped like a bolt of
lightning, was burning beneath his fingers as though
someone had just pressed a white-hot wire to his
skin.
He sat up, one hand still on his scar, the other
www.ztcprep.com
reaching out in the darkness for his glasses, which
were on the bedside table. He put them on and his
bedroom came into clearer focus, lit by a faint, misty
orange light that was filtering through the curtains
from the street lamp outside the window.
Harry ran his fingers over the scar again. It was still
painful. He turned on the lamp beside him, scrambled
out of bed, crossed the room, opened his wardrobe,
and peered into the mirror on the inside of the door. A
skinny boy of fourteen looked back at him, his bright
green eyes puzzled under his untidy black hair. He
P a g e | 18
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling
examined the lightning-bolt scar of his reflection more closely. It looked
normal, but it was still stinging.
Harry tried to recall what he had been dreaming
about before he had awoken. It had seemed so real. …
There had been two people he knew and one he
didn’t. … He concentrated hard, frowning, trying to
remember. …
The dim picture of a darkened room came to him. …
www.ztcprep.com
There had been a snake on a hearth rug … a small
man called Peter, nicknamed Wormtail … and a cold,
high voice … the voice of Lord Voldemort. Harry felt
as though an ice cube had slipped down into his
stomach at the very thought. …
He closed his eyes tightly and tried to remember what
Voldemort had looked like, but it was impossible. …
All Harry knew was that at the moment when
Voldemort’s chair had swung around, and he, Harry,
had seen what was sitting in it, he had felt a spasm of
horror, which had awoken him … or had that been
the pain in his scar?
And who had the old man been? For there had
definitely been an old man; Harry had watched him
fall to the ground. It was all becoming confused.
Harry put his face into his hands, blocking out his
bedroom, trying to hold on to the picture of that dimly
lit room, but it was like trying to keep water in his
cupped hands; the details were now trickling away as
fast as he tried to hold on to them. … Voldemort and
www.ztcprep.com
Wormtail had been talking about someone they had
killed, though Harry could not remember the name …
and they had been plotting to kill someone else …
him!
Harry took his face out of his hands, opened his eyes,
and stared around his bedroom as though expecting
P a g e | 19
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling
to see something unusual there. As it happened,
there were an extraordinary number of unusual
things in this room. A large wooden trunk stood open
at the foot of his bed, revealing a cauldron,
broomstick, black robes, and assorted spellbooks.
Rolls of parchment littered that part of his desk that
was not taken up by the large, empty cage in which
his snowy owl, Hedwig, usually perched. On the floor
beside his bed a book lay open; Harry had been
reading it before he fell asleep last night. The pictures
in this book were all moving. Men in bright orange
robes were zooming in and out of sight on
www.ztcprep.com
broomsticks, throwing a red ball to one another.
Harry walked over to the book, picked it up, and
watched one of the wizards score a spectacular goal
by putting the ball through a fifty-foot-high hoop.
Then he snapped the book shut. Even Quidditch — in
Harry’s opinion, the best sport in the world —
couldn’t distract him at the moment. He placed Flying
with the Cannons on his bedside table, crossed to the
window, and drew back the curtains to survey the
street below.
Privet Drive looked exactly as a respectable suburban
street would be expected to look in the early hours of
Saturday morning. All the curtains were closed. As far
as Harry could see through the darkness, there
wasn’t a living creature in sight, not even a cat.
And yet … and yet … Harry went restlessly back to
the bed and sat down on it, running a finger over his
scar again. It wasn’t the pain that bothered him;
Harry was no stranger to pain and injury. He had lost
all the bones from his right arm once and had them
www.ztcprep.com
painfully regrown in a night. The same arm had been
pierced by a venomous foot-long fang not long
afterward. Only last year Harry had fallen fifty feet
from an airborne broomstick. He was used to bizarre
P a g e | 20
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling
accidents and injuries; they were unavoidable if you attended Hogwarts
School of Witchcraft and Wizardry
and had a knack for attracting a lot of trouble.
No, the thing that was bothering Harry was that the
last time his scar had hurt him, it had been because
Voldemort had been close by. … But Voldemort
couldn’t be here, now. … The idea of Voldemort
lurking in Privet Drive was absurd, impossible. …
Harry listened closely to the silence around him. Was
he half-expecting to hear the creak of a stair or the
swish of a cloak? And then he jumped slightly as he
heard his cousin Dudley give a tremendous grunting
snore from the next room.
Harry shook himself mentally; he was being stupid.
There was no one in the house with him except Uncle
www.ztcprep.com
Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley, and they were
plainly still asleep, their dreams untroubled and
painless.
Asleep was the way Harry liked the Dursleys best; it
wasn’t as though they were ever any help to him
awake. Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley were
Harry’s only living relatives. They were Muggles who
hated and despised magic in any form, which meant
that Harry was about as welcome in their house as
dry rot. They had explained away Harry’s long
absences at Hogwarts over the last three years by
telling everyone that he went to St. Brutus’s Secure
Center for Incurably Criminal Boys. They knew
perfectly well that, as an underage wizard, Harry
wasn’t allowed to use magic outside Hogwarts, but
they were still apt to blame him for anything that
went wrong about the house. Harry had never been
able to confide in them or tell them anything about
his life in the wizarding world. The very idea of going
to them when they awoke, and telling them about his
www.ztcprep.com
P a g e | 21
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling
scar hurting him, and about his worries about
Voldemort, was laughable.
And yet it was because of Voldemort that Harry had
come to live with the Dursleys in the first place. If it
hadn’t been for Voldemort, Harry would not have had
the lightning scar on his forehead. If it hadn’t been for
Voldemort, Harry would still have had parents. …
Harry had been a year old the night that Voldemort —
the most powerful Dark wizard for a century, a wizard
who had been gaining power steadily for eleven years
— arrived at his house and killed his father and
mother. Voldemort had then turned his wand on
Harry; he had performed the curse that had disposed
of many full-grown witches and wizards in his steady
rise to power — and, incredibly, it had not worked.
Instead of killing the small boy, the curse had
rebounded upon Voldemort. Harry had survived with
nothing but a lightning-shaped cut on his forehead,
www.ztcprep.com
and Voldemort had been reduced to something barely
alive. His powers gone, his life almost extinguished,
Voldemort had fled; the terror in which the secret
community of witches and wizards had lived for so
long had lifted, Voldemort’s followers had disbanded,
and Harry Potter had become famous.
It had been enough of a shock for Harry to discover,
on his eleventh birthday, that he was a wizard; it had
been even more disconcerting to find out that
everyone in the hidden wizarding world knew his
name. Harry had arrived at Hogwarts to find that
heads turned and whispers followed him wherever he
went. But he was used to it now: At the end of this
summer, he would be starting his fourth year at
Hogwarts, and Harry was already counting the days
until he would be back at the castle again.
P a g e | 22
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling
But there was still a fortnight to go before he went back to school. He
looked hopelessly around his room
again, and his eye paused on the birthday cards his
www.ztcprep.com
two best friends had sent him at the end of July.
What would they say if Harry wrote to them and told
them about his scar hurting?
At once, Hermione Granger’s voice seemed to fill his
head, shrill and panicky.
“Your scar hurt? Harry, that’s really serious. … Write
to Professor Dumbledore! And I’ll go and check
Common Magical Ailments and Afflictions. … Maybe
there’s something in there about curse scars. …”
Yes, that would be Hermione’s advice: Go straight to
the headmaster of Hogwarts, and in the meantime,
consult a book. Harry stared out of the window at the
inky blue-black sky. He doubted very much whether a
book could help him now. As far as he knew, he was
the only living person to have survived a curse like
Voldemort’s; it was highly unlikely, therefore, that he
would find his symptoms listed in Common Magical
Ailments and Afflictions. As for informing the
headmaster, Harry had no idea where Dumbledore
went during the summer holidays. He amused himself
www.ztcprep.com
for a moment, picturing Dumbledore, with his long
silver beard, full-length wizard’s robes, and pointed
hat, stretched out on a beach somewhere, rubbing
suntan lotion onto his long crooked nose. Wherever
Dumbledore was, though, Harry was sure that
Hedwig would be able to find him; Harry’s owl had
never yet failed to deliver a letter to anyone, even
without an address. But what would he write?
Dear Professor Dumbledore, Sorry to bother you, but
my scar hurt this morning. Yours sincerely, Harry
Potter.
P a g e | 23
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling
Even inside his head the words sounded stupid.
And so he tried to imagine his other best friend, Ron
Weasley’s, reaction, and in a moment, Ron’s red hair
and long-nosed, freckled face seemed to swim before
Harry, wearing a bemused expression.
“Your scar hurt? But … but You-Know-Who can’t be
near you now, can he? I mean … you’d know, wouldn’t
www.ztcprep.com
you? He’d be trying to do you in again, wouldn’t he? I dunno, Harry, maybe
curse scars always twinge a bit.
… I’ll ask Dad. …”
Mr. Weasley was a fully qualified wizard who worked
in the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office at the
Ministry of Magic, but he didn’t have any particular
expertise in the matter of curses, as far as Harry
knew. In any case, Harry didn’t like the idea of the
whole Weasley family knowing that he, Harry, was
getting jumpy about a few moments’ pain. Mrs.
Weasley would fuss worse than Hermione, and Fred
and George, Ron’s sixteen-year-old twin brothers,
might think Harry was losing his nerve. The Weasleys
were Harry’s favorite family in the world; he was
hoping that they might invite him to stay any time
now (Ron had mentioned something about the
Quidditch World Cup), and he somehow didn’t want
his visit punctuated with anxious inquiries about his
scar.
Harry kneaded his forehead with his knuckles. What
he really wanted (and it felt almost shameful to admit
www.ztcprep.com
it to himself) was someone like — someone like a
parent: an adult wizard whose advice he could ask
without feeling stupid, someone who cared about
him, who had had experience with Dark Magic. …
